hey welcome to this catching creation
video this is an adventure archive this
one comes to you all the way from Kuwait
I can't arif John Kuwait and which is
where I was at in 2006 and I was looking
for these lizards this is spiky she is a
Mallee uromastyx and there's a species
if you're a masochist over there called
a uromastyx micro leftist come take a
look and watch me as I chase them and
try to catch them looking really goofy
here you are in Kuwait there are two
uromastyx micro Olympus right now big
male and a female I'm going to try to go
catch them at great risk and personal
injury because I am going to dive and
get like me
the uromastyx micro Lepus look how
beautiful this lizard is
he was up sunning on the berm that's not
the only way I was able to catch it
because I cut him off from getting to
his home you'll notice he's got this
spiked tail it's one of his lines of
defense you can rub it this way and it
doesn't hurt anything
do that way it's pretty sharp break the
skin
but uh this this animals a vegetarian
the urban board hilly is flower heads
when they're when they're in bloom he'll
eat vegetables
and you'll notice his color right now he
is a yellowy color in the morning time
when it's a little bit colder out here
it'll be a dark kind of brownish black
color now
these guys are really docile animals
they're not aggressive at all
this is a juvenile maybe
maybe a year and a half two years old
they'll get about three or four times
the size
birdy
but hey it's a really good fun
Kuwait's most beautiful lizards in my
opinion
everyone let him go I don't want to let
you watch him run
we'll see where's my home I don't know
where my purple is
I'm so confused I want to take him to
his burrow another interesting fact
about these lizards is they dig burrows
they live on the ground coming redness
see they have complex Warren's we're
gold they'll have these complex burrows
underground they're everywhere all
throughout here
what a little stressing out to bands
will take much
there it is
I've never seen I've been trying since
about March is now
pretty much the beginning of May now and
tell you I've been trying really hard to
catch this guy probably got one you got
a little one there's still a big one
that I got to catch there's a monster
over there that I need to catch but it's
really good that I was able to get when
I showed you the viewer back home this
Warnick like I said I wanted weights
most beautiful lizards it's a really
good fun
suppressive lizard